import { Button } from 'grommet';
import { Figma } from 'grommet-icons';

import {
  ButtonRow
} from '../../layouts';
import { 
  BrandColor, 
  CorePalette, 
  DarkModeContrast,
  DarkPalette,
  LightPalette,
  LightModeContrast 
} from '../../examples';

You will notice that the HPE Design System Color guidance is
different from Brand Central. Prioritize the below HPE Design
System color palette over Brand Central when identifying colors
for your app or web based experience.

<ButtonRow>
  <Button
    href="https://www.figma.com/file/eZYR3dtWdb9U90QvJ7p3T9/hpe-design-system-library-color"
    icon={<Figma color="plain" />}
    label="Open in Figma"
    target="_blank"
    secondary
  />
</ButtonRow>

## Color Palettes

Color is a key way we express our brand. Using color on
interface elements, how typography is presented, displaying data
visualizations, and adjusting context of the experience to light
and dark are just some of the ways we illustrate inclusive
design for our app and web based experiences.

### Brand Color
            
HPE green symbolizes growth and vitality, commands attention and
inspires action. Our green is an essential part of our brand
identity and should be evident in every communication wherever
possible. Always use the custom color specifications seen here
to maintain consistency across channels and media.

<BrandColor />

### Core Palette

HPE Core colors provide a set of swatches that compliment HPE
Green and help establish the vibrant experience HPE embraces. We
use "emphasis" as a way to show the importance and use the most
vibrant hue on light or dark contexts. To maintain accessibility
requirements, it's important to be mindful of how the aspects of
the color library are used in conjunction with the Core colors.

<CorePalette />

### Light Palette
              
The light color palette provides a set of swatches which
compliment HPE Core colors for use in combination with dark text
to maintain color accessibility in your experience. Use these
colors only when implementing a light theme.

<LightPalette />

### Dark Palette

The dark color palette provides a set of swatches which
compliment HPE Core colors for use in combination with light
text to maintain color accessibility in your experience. Use
these colors only when implementing a dark theme.

<DarkPalette />

## Green Color Accessibility
              
The HPE Design System green ensures compliance with WCAG 2.1
standards for distinguishable text and color ([see success criterion 1.4.1 and 1.4.3](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#distinguishable)). 
With accessibility as one of its core principles, the HPE
Design System focused on keeping accessibilty research and
guidelines at the center of its color selection process.

See details below on how to remain compliant in both light and
dark theme modes.
              
### Light Mode
              
AAA compliance is met for text on a light mode green background
when using `text-strong` color. This is ensured for text of size
18px and above.

If a font size is below 18px, AAA compliance will fail with
default font weight on an HPE green background. In this case,
apply `weight="bold"` to meet AAA compliance.

<LightModeContrast />

### Dark Mode

AA compliance is met for text on a dark mode green background
when using `text-strong` color. To meet AAA compliance, use text
size="large" and weight="bold".

<DarkModeContrast />